added intro to sources (#1444)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/sources/introduction.md

conversational data from a variety of sources (like Facebook Messenger, Google
Business Messages, and so on).

You can connect sources through API requests or using our [Channels UI](/ui/channels). Our sources guides covers both options, step-by-step.

> It's important to understand the difference between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel). A [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) represents a connection between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and the Airy Core Platform: multiple [channels](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) can thus use the same [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) for different [conversations](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation). When a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) is connected, a [conversation](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation) is created between the [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and the Airy Core instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to understand the difference between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel). A [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) represents a connection between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and you Airy Core instance: multiple [channels](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) can thus use the same [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) for different [conversations](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation). When a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) is connected, a [conversation](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation) is created between the [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and your Airy Core instance.
```

`When a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) is connected, a [conversation](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation) is created between the [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and the Airy Core instance`

While I corrected this, I don't think this is accurate. It reads like we create conversation on channel connection but we don't. What are we trying to say here? (honest question... I'm not sure I get it)

Author: yeah I had a hard time finding the right word to explain the process .I guess what's happening is that connecting a channel gives the possibility of starting a conversation. A conversation is created once the channel has been connected and as soon as a message has been sent between the Airy Core instance and the source.

Business Messages, and so on).

You can connect sources through API requests or using our [Channels UI](/ui/channels). Our sources guides covers both options, step-by-step.

It's important to understand the difference between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel). A [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) represents a connection between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and your Airy Core instance: multiple [channels](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) can thus use the same [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) for different [conversations](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation).

Connecting a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) gives the possibility of starting a [conversation](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation) between a [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source) and your Airy Core instance. A [conversation](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation) is created once a [channel](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) has been connected and as soon as a [message](/getting-started/glossary/#message) has been sent between your Airy Core instance and the source.

> You can connect as many [channels](/getting-started/glossary/#channel) as you want for each [source](/getting-started/glossary/#source).The [Inbox UI](/ui/inbox) displays all your [conversations](/getting-started/glossary/#conversation), across all [sources](/getting-started/glossary/#source).

Author: fixed intro text here
